from The New York Times it's the
headlines I'm Tracy Mumford today's
Monday November 18th here's what we're
[Music]
covering President Biden has crossed
what used to be a red line in the US's
support of Ukraine he's authorized
Ukraine to fire American supplied
longrange missiles inside Russia it
marks a major policy shift for the
president even as the US has poured
billions of dollars of military aid into
Ukraine Biden repeatedly hesitated when
it came to helping Ukraine go on the
offensive he's been worried about
provoking Russian President Vladimir
Putin into a wider War but with North
Korean troops now fighting in Western
Russia to take back land that Ukraine
seized Biden changed course the main
reason for the change was a decision
that was taken by Russia to introduce
North Korean soldiers into the fight
this was such a escalation in the war
against Ukraine that the administration
felt that it needed to respond Adam
entis covers National Security for the
times he says the policy change has
divided Biden's advisers some still fear
retaliation from Putin some think the
threat is
overblown overall he says that officials
don't expect that greenlighting the
long- range weapons will fundamentally
alter the course of the war but it will
send a message the sort of strategic
message is really to the North Koreans
and that message is your troops are
vulnerable there is a price a
significant price that you're going to
pay for your decision to involve your
forces in this conflict and the takeaway
that they want the North Koreans to take
from this is uh don't send any more of
them Biden's policy shift comes as the
administration is in a Race Against Time
to Bull Ukraine before Donald Trump
takes office Trump has vowed to limit
further support to Ukraine has said the
war needs to end quickly he said very
little about how he would do that but
Vice president-elect JD Vance has
outlined a plan that would allow Russia
to keep the Ukrainian territory that its
forces have
[Music]
seized a few days ago Donald Trump's
transition team got some news that
surprised them they learned that Pete
hegseth the Fox News personality who
Trump picked to be his secretary of
defense had entered into a financial
settlement with a woman who claimed he
sexually assaulted her in
2017 according to a memo sent to the
Trump team by a person claiming to be a
friend of the woman the woman said that
Heth raped her and that she went to the
hospital where they collected evidence
for a rape kit local police in Monterey
California said an official Complaint
was made a few days later but the
charges were never filed hexus lawyers
say he vigorously denies the allegation
and that he only paid the settlement
because he was worried about being
blackmailed because the settlement was
confidential it didn't come up as part
of the vetting process when heg Seth was
being considered to lead the Pentagon
the times has learned that since the
news came out Trump told his advisers he
would still stand by his pick Trump
himself was found l for sexual abuse in
a civil case and it's been supportive of
other men who face similar
accusations the new scrutiny of Heth
comes As Trump has continued to name key
players for his next administration at
Breakneck speed he's largely been making
his decisions from the t- room at maral
Lago AIDS flip through slideshows of
potential picks on huge screens and play
clips of their TV appearances a crucial
factor for anyone Trump is considering
this weekend Trump announced that Chris
Wright the head of a fracking company is
his pick for Secretary of Energy Wright
has no government experience but caught
Trump's eye in part because of his
appearances on Fox News and last night
Trump announced that Brendan Carr will
head up the Federal Communications
Commission Carr is currently a member of
the fcc's board and he's expected to use
his new leadership role to wield the
commission as a political tool for Trump
going after big Tech tech companies he's
claimed are biased against conservatives
and potentially punishing TV networks
Who air coverage that's critical of the
[Music]
president-elect in Columbus Ohio this
weekend a small group of people marched
through the city carrying Nazi flags and
shouting about white power through a
bullhorn there were only about a dozen
Marchers and no arrests were made but
the Anti-Defamation League says fits a
recent pattern of white supremacist
incidents across the country there have
been hundreds in the last 18 months
including one earlier this month in
Michigan where Nazi demonstrators stood
outside of a community theater
performance of the Diary of Anne Frank
the incidents tend to be small and
unannounced to avoid drawing
counter-protests and the vice president
of the ADL said the hate groups organize
for maximum shock value especially on
social media where the visuals spread
quickly he told the times quote at the
end of the day they want to create fear
and anxiety in communities and get a
photo
[Music]
op the justice department has opened a
civil rights investigation into the
killing of Sonia Massie the black woman
who was shot and killed in her home in
Illinois this summer by a sheriff's
deputy after she called
911 the doj says it has quote serious
concerns about how the Sheriff's Office
interacts with black people and people
with mental health or substance abuse
issues Massie had a history of mental
health issues and the day before the
shooting her mother called police to say
she was having a breakdown and she
begged police not to hurt her daughter
then Massie herself called police to say
she thought there was someone prowling
outside her house Deputy Shawn Grayson
who is white responded to the call body
camera footage showed him shooting
Massie after an exchange in her kitchen
where he asked her to put down a pot of
hot water Grayson was fired from the
force and charged with murder he's
pleaded not guilty the justice
department has asked the Sheriff's
Office to show how it trains and
responds to people experiencing
Behavioral Health crisis and to provide
data about the race of people that its
officers have used Force against
starting at 9900 p.m. tonight most
Fighters won't survive anyone in the US
turning on the
TV another the radio or checking social
media I don't fight for power is
probably going to hear one thing I fight
the free Road for men like them the
Gladiator 2 trailer is going to be
running simultaneously on 4,000 TV
networks radio stations and digital
platforms as Paramount Pictures goes all
out on trying to to promote the new
filmm the strategy is what's known as a
roadblock that's the marketing term for
buying up so much airtime that for a
brief moment one single product or film
is everywhere you look the Gladiator 2
roadblock could be one of the biggest
ever and the stunt is a sign of how far
big studios feel they now have to go to
capture people's attention since viewing
habits are so fractured the studios are
in Fierce competition with streaming
services video games and Tik Tock box
office sales are down about 11% from
last year and still down 25% since
before the
[Music]
pandemic and finally in football kicking
a field goal from halfway down the field
used to be a last ditch Act of
desperation because it was likely to
fall short and fail this field goal from
54 is perfect 50 yard field goals are
becoming more common
59 yd there were at least three just
this weekend and the success rate on
these far away kicks has doubled since
the 1980s Boswell drives it and he
connects one former NFL kicker tells the
times that kickers have just gotten
better young players now specialize in
kicking and train year round where they
used to only practice during football
season and maybe took time off to play
other sports too their success is
changing how football is played more
teams are going for the 50 plus yard
field goal earlier in the game not just
in the final two minutes when a team
really needs to score it's gotten to the
point that there's even chatter in the
NFL about whether they should make
things harder by moving the goal posts
closer
together those are the headlines today
on The Daily a deeper look at Donald
Trump's pick for attorney general Matt
Gates and what it reveals about Trump's
promise for
Retribution that's next in the New York
Times audio app or you can listen
wherever you get your podcasts I'm Tracy
Mumford we'll be back tomorrow
[Music]